---
title:
  "Uno Platform at Hacktoberfest 2022: Contribute, Learn, and Celebrate Open
  Source 🌍💜"
heroImage: "./banner.png"
tags: []
hidden: true
---

Every October, developers from all over the world come together for
[**Hacktoberfest**](https://hacktoberfest.com/). It’s not just about adding pull
requests to your GitHub profile — it’s about learning something new, connecting
with other contributors, and celebrating the power of open source.

I’m happy to share that [**Uno Platform**](https://platform.uno/) **is once
again part of Hacktoberfest in 2022**. This year feels especially exciting
because contributions aren’t limited to code. You can also help with
documentation or even spread the word through blogs, tutorials, or translations.

That’s one of the things I appreciate most about Uno Platform: it values every
type of contribution. Whether you’re fixing a bug, writing a guide, or helping
others discover Uno, your work matters.

## **The Prizes 🎁**

And yes — there are prizes\! Uno has prepared some special rewards for
contributors this year, and they’re stackable, so the more you contribute, the
more you can earn:

- **2 contributions** → Free eBook _Getting Started with Uno Platform and WinUI
  3_

- **4 contributions** → Uno Platform T-shirt \+ stickers

- **10 contributions** → Uno Platform sweater \+ stickers

On top of that, you’ll also be in the running for one of the official
**Hacktoberfest prizes**.

## **What Counts as a Contribution? ✨**

There are a few different ways to get involved:

- **Code** → Work on any open issue in Uno’s GitHub repo.

- **Documentation** → Choose from curated doc issues or propose a new one. If it
  gets tagged for Hacktoberfest, you’re good to go.

- **Advocacy** → Write about your experience with Uno, create a tutorial, or
  translate an existing guide into another language. You don’t even need your
  own blog — you can publish on sites like dev.to, Medium, or C\# Corner.

The key is to make your contributions meaningful. Small typo fixes are nice, but
they won’t count this year. The focus is on improvements that help the whole
community.

## **Getting Started 🚀**

If it’s your first time contributing, don’t worry — Uno has made it easy. Here
are a few helpful links:

- [**Hacktoberfest registration**](https://hacktoberfest.com/) (make sure to
  sign up so your PRs count).

- [**Uno Platform GitHub repo**](https://github.com/unoplatform/uno)**.**

- Video guides showing how to make your first PR:
  - [**Guide 1**](https://youtu.be/fZi2sKLxrAY)

  - [**Guide 2**](https://youtu.be/vd1UdWtOD-8)

  - [**Guide 3**](https://youtu.be/6S8ZH4XHG6g)

You can also ask for help on the
[**Uno Platform Discord**](https://discord.gg/3xyRtHAmXb) or even contribute
directly from your browser with **GitPod**.

## **Why I Love Hacktoberfest 💡**

Over the years, I’ve seen how Hacktoberfest can spark someone’s very first
contribution. For many, it’s the beginning of a journey in open source — a place
where you realize your skills, no matter how small they may seem, can actually
make an impact.

That’s why I’m glad Uno Platform is part of it again. It’s not only about
improving the framework, but also about encouraging new contributors to step in,
try something new, and feel the joy of giving back.

## **Ready to Join? 🙌**

If you’ve been waiting for the right time to get involved in open source, now is
the time. Hacktoberfest 2022 is a chance to contribute, learn, and connect — and
Uno Platform is ready to welcome you.

👉 Start here: [**Uno Platform on GitHub**](https://github.com/unoplatform/uno)

Let’s make this Hacktoberfest one to remember\!
