---
title: "Meet Denny Perez"
image: "./banner.png"
---

Welcome to our "People from PSF" interview series\! In this series, we introduce
the individuals behind the Python Software Foundation, exploring their unique
journeys, contributions, and insights. Today, we’re excited to feature Denny
Perez — Software Quality Analyst, PSF Board Director, and community leader
dedicated to growing the Python ecosystem through inclusion and collaboration.

Let’s get to know Denny better\!

---

### **Can you tell us a little about yourself? (Your background, hobbies, education, etc.)**

I'm originally from the Dominican Republic and now based in Montreal, Canada. I
started my professional journey in accounting, but after moving to Canada, I
transitioned into tech, where I discovered Python and the welcoming community
that surrounds it. Today, I work as a Software Quality Analyst, and I also serve
on the Board of Directors of the Python Software Foundation.

I'm passionate about building inclusive spaces, particularly for women and
Spanish-speaking communities. Outside of my professional life, I’m a mother of
three, and I love combining my community responsibilities with personal
time—whether that’s working out in my home gym or traveling to support
conferences and events.

---

### **Can you describe your role within the Python Software Foundation and the key responsibilities that come with it?**

As a Board Director, I help guide the PSF’s vision, policies, and strategic
priorities. I focus on expanding the Foundation’s accessibility and reach,
particularly toward non-English-speaking communities, and advocate for regional
engagement in Latin America. I also support programs that empower
underrepresented groups within the ecosystem.

---

### **What motivated you to get involved with the Python Software Foundation, and how has your journey been since you joined?**

I got involved in the Python community after attending PyCon US in 2018, where I
saw how powerful and welcoming the ecosystem could be. At that time, I didn’t
see many people who looked like me—women, Spanish speakers, or Caribbean tech
professionals—so I decided to help change that.

I began organizing events, leading PyLadies chapters, co-founding Python en
Español, and supporting Spanish-speaking newcomers. Serving on the PSF Board has
been a meaningful extension of this mission, allowing me to elevate and support
communities around the world.

---

### **Can you share a memorable project or initiative you’ve worked on at the PSF that had a significant impact on the community?**

I’m proud to have helped grow the PyCon Charlas track at PyCon US—a space where
Spanish-speaking Pythonistas can share knowledge and celebrate their work on an
international stage. I’ve also played key roles in organizing PyCon Latam,
PyLadiesCon, and other regional conferences and mentorship programs that foster
speaker development and diversity.

These initiatives help ensure that the Python community reflects the global
diversity of its users.

---

### **What advice would you give to individuals looking to contribute to the Python community or get involved with the PSF?**

Start local, and start with what brings you joy. Whether it’s volunteering at a
meetup, reviewing talks, mentoring speakers, or simply welcoming newcomers—you
don’t need to be an expert to make a difference.

If you’re interested in getting involved with the PSF, explore the working
groups or join one of the Office Hours sessions to learn more. Most importantly,
don’t hesitate to reach out—this is a community built on openness and support.

---

### **Is there anything else you'd like to share?**

I'm always happy to connect with people who want to get involved but don’t know
where to start. You’ll usually find me in the backstage at tech events, managing
live streams or mentoring first-time speakers—even while squeezing in a home
workout\!

If my journey helps even one person feel more welcome in Python, then I’ve done
something right.

---

📌 **Connect with Denny:**  
 🔗 LinkedIn:
[linkedin.com/in/dennyperez18](https://linkedin.com/in/dennyperez18)  
 🔗 GitHub: [github.com/dennyperez18](https://github.com/dennyperez18)  
 🌍 Website: [dennyperez.dev](https://dennyperez.dev/) _(update if needed)_

Thanks for doing the interview, Denny\!
