---
title: "Celebrating Two Years of Uno Platform in Open Source 🎉"
heroImage: "./banner.png"
tags: []
hidden: true
---

It’s hard to believe that [**Uno Platform**](https://platform.uno/) has already
been two years in the open-source world. After five years of internal
development at nventive, Uno Platform officially stepped into open source at
Microsoft Build 2018 — and what a journey it has been since then\!

As someone who has been working with Uno Platform since 2018 from the QA side,
I’ve had the chance to see the project grow up close. Watching it evolve from an
internal idea into a framework adopted by developers worldwide has been
inspiring.

Today, I want to celebrate this milestone by looking back at some of the
highlights from the past two years.

## **Two Years of Growth 🚀**

Here are just a few of the things the Uno Platform team and community have
achieved together in this short time:

- 📦 **21 updates and nearly 7,000 commits** — including support for ReactiveUI,
  SkiaSharp x:Bind, XAML Hot Reload, Dark Mode, and Markup Extensions.

- 🌍 **Contributions from almost 150 developers worldwide**, plus strong
  participation in Hacktoberfest.

- 👕 **5,000+ Uno t-shirts distributed** (the community spirit is strong\!).

- 💻 Expanded platform support to include **macOS**.

- ✅ Closed **700+ community-driven bugs and issues**.

- 👩‍💻 **Doubled the core engineering team** to keep up with momentum.

- 🧩 Contributed to Prism and enabled **UWP/WinUI and Uno Platform Prism
  support**.

- 🛠 Extended the **Windows Community Toolkit to all platforms**.

- 🌐 Brought **Xamarin.Forms to the Web**.

- 🎤 Delivered sessions at **Microsoft Build 2019** and participated in the
  **WinUI 3.0 session at Build 2020**.

- 📝 Enabled development in **Visual Studio Code for WebAssembly projects** and
  integrated with **GitPod**.

- 🎉 Had **Miguel de Icaza keynote at the first-ever UnoConf**.

- 📱 Supported **Surface Neo and Duo**.

- 🚗 Even ran a **Cybertruck in XAML across platforms** with WebAssembly.

- 🔢 Ported the **Windows Calculator** to WebAssembly, iOS, Android, and macOS.

- ⭐ Surpassed **2,000 GitHub stars** and reached **10,000 Twitter followers**.

- 🧑‍🤝‍🧑 Contributed back to **Mono** and organized **70+ User Group meetings
  worldwide**, many led by the community.

- 📱 Released four sample apps: **Ch9, UADO, Calculator, and Uno Gallery**.

- 🎥 Appeared three times on **Channel 9** and got featured in publications like
  **InfoWorld, The Register, and Windows Insider**.

- 📥 Approached **400,000 downloads on NuGet**.

- 🎓 Received the **first community-led Udemy course** on Uno Platform.

- 🏢 Launched **enterprise support** to help large companies adopt Uno while
  keeping the project sustainable.

When you see it all together, it’s amazing how much has happened in just two
years.

## **Why This Matters to Me 💡**

Looking back, I’m proud to have been even a small part of this journey. From my
perspective as a Software QA Analyst, I’ve been able to see how each release,
each new feature, and each community contribution has made Uno Platform stronger
and more accessible.

But what stands out most is the **community involvement**. Hacktoberfest, user
group meetings, blog posts, and even fun side projects like the Cybertruck in
XAML all show that Uno Platform isn’t just a framework — it’s a living,
collaborative ecosystem.

## **Looking Ahead 🌟**

If the last two years are any indication, the future is bright for Uno Platform.
With UnoConf going virtual this summer and more developers discovering the
project every day, I can’t wait to see what the next year brings.

To everyone who has contributed, whether through code, testing, blogging, or
simply encouraging the team — thank you. It’s that kind of support that keeps
open source alive.

Here’s to many more years of Uno Platform, and to making cross-platform
development with C\# and XAML even more exciting. 🎉

## **Call to Action 📌**

If you’re curious about Uno Platform, this is the perfect time to get involved:

- Explore the project on [GitHub](https://github.com/unoplatform/uno).

- Learn more about how it works at [platform.uno](https://platform.uno/).

- Keep an eye on [UnoConf](https://unoconf.com/) for updates and community
  sessions.

And if you’ve made it this far down, maybe you deserve one of those Uno t-shirts
😉.
